Last time on Sonic X,
Sonic was locked up on Prison
Island in a high-tech,
totally escape-proof jail.
But luckily, his friends were able
to stage a robot-busting rescue!
Meanwhile, Dr. Eggman and his
gang staged their own jailbreak--
A break in!
Their goal? To steal Chaos Emeralds
and power up Eggman's ultimate weapon.
With the island on the verge of destruction,
Sonic challenged the mysterious
Shadow to a showdown.
Our heroes made an explosive escape,
but what about those left behind?
Could anyone survive that blazing blast?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
REPORTER: After the explosion
on Prison Island,
an emergency response team
searched for survivors.
Fortunately, the team now reports that
everyone made it off the island safely.
[Sighs of relief]
I told ya not to worry!
Chris must be okay!
But if he's not on Prison
Island, and he's not here...
[Gasp]
Shadow must've taken him to Eggman!
Hmm.
Don't worry.
I won't stop lookin' 'til
I bring Chris back home.
REPORTER: In related news,
authorities are still searching
for Sonic the Hedgehog who is-
I'm gonna go find my friend Chris.
But the police are looking for you!
Don't worry!
I hope Sonic doesn't get caught again.
If we all search, perhaps we can find Chris.
Where should we look?
Shadow probably brought Chris
to Dr. Eggman's secret base.
But we don't have any idea where it is.
Tails has a good point.
Well, if we're gonna find Chris,
we'll have to find that base.
Then let's start looking right away.
Chao!
I'm gonna get even with that bat!
She stole the Master Emerald from me!
Come back here!
Oof!
[Grunt]
You're... that girl!
Oof!
Ugh!
Huh? Huh? Huh!
[Gasp]
Sounded like a rocket.
Eggman's base.
Woah.
It's hard to believe that I
really traveled into space.
And we're inside a space station?
We call this place Space Colony ARK.
I've never heard of it before.
It was built 50 years ago by
Professor Gerald Robotnik.
It's been kept secret.
Wow! A secret space colony!
I wonder if I'm the only kid
who's ever gone into space?
You're not.
What?
Then who was?
Hey, you know what?
You look a lot like my friend Sonic.
Are the two of you... related?
Huh.
Hm...
Uh... Heh...
Maria!
[Panting]
Stop them! We can't let them get away!
Listen, Shadow. I want you to promise me...
Please...
No, wait!
Whatever happens, remember,
I'll always be your friend, Shadow.
We always talked about going
to visit the planet one day.
But it looks like you'll
have to go there without me.
Sayonara, Shadow the Hedgehog.
They'll pay for what they did.
Every one of them.
Huh...
The Emeralds are set!
All six are in place and
ready to power the cannon.
Grrrr... Where's the blasted plug?
Grr...
This junk heap's the ultimate weapon?
Maybe it makes everybody
laugh so hard they surrender.
The Eclipse Cannon draws its
energy from Chaos Emeralds,
and generates enough firepower
to destroy an entire planet.
Is that true?
It can really destroy a planet?
You know he always exaggerates.
I can hear you!
Never mind! [Nervous laughter]
This antique works?
Just you wait and see!
I'm going to be the ultimate big shot!
[Laughs]
What's up with Chris?
I called to say hello, and
left a message for him.
But he never called me back!
Nobody's heard anything from
Chris for a long time now.
Hmm.
Huh?
Hey, was that-?
Yeah, it was [gulp]
What are you doin'?
Ah, ah...
Ah...
[Sigh]
Oh, look at that!
Huh?
Isn't the sky pretty?
Yeah, it's gonna be a beauty of a sunset.
[Gasp]
Oh! This is it.
It might be difficult getting him to talk,
considering the way his life fell apart
after he got mixed up in Project Shadow.
If we push too hard for his story,
he may not tell us anything.
French fries for lunch?
[Knocking]
I beg your pardon, sir.
Does a Mr. Schmitz live here?
You must mean the old guy.
He sleeps there.
Thank you.
It's still warm.
He just left.
Let's wait for him.
The count is full!
[Evil laughter]
This is an Eggman Update!
I'm here to bring you an explosive surprise!
What's he up to now?
Look in the sky!
The sky?
I'm comin' to you planet-bound
bumpkins live from outer space!
[Evil laughter]
Let me show you the true
power of the Eggman Empire!
Huh.
What's Eggman gonna do?
[Chuckling]
Huh.
Now, let's have a blast!
Ah!
[Evil laughter]
[Lasers firing]
Woah!
Ah!
[People screaming]
Oh! Ah!
Ah!
Oh!
[People screaming]
The moon was so pretty!
Why did Dr. Eggman wreck it?
It takes huge amounts of energy
to do that much damage!
Chaos Emeralds.
If Eggman's got enough of 'em,
he can use their power
to make a super weapon.
Hmm.
With that much power,
Eggman can blow up any planet he wants!
Eggman wans't lying about the Eclipse Cannon.
It is the ultimate weapon.
[Evil laughter]
That came from my Eclipse Cannon.
And, if you don't surrender to the
Eggman Empire within 24 hours,
I'll blow your planet away!
[Evil chuckle]
I gotta find a way to stop him!
Today, it's finally going to come to an end.
Huh?
Shadow, why did you bring me here?
Are you going to stare out
that window all day, Shadow?
I've seen photographs
from down on the surface,
but I wonder what it's like to be there.
What is it like to see
the sky above your head?
I'd like to visit there and find out.
Me too.
Maybe I can find some answers down there.
Professor Robotnik said I'm
here to do something important,
though he never told me what that means.
But something tells me that it's
connected with that planet.
Don't you ever smile?
Hi, Chris.
Hello, Rouge.
Aren't you glad to see me, Shadow?
I love it when you give
me the silent treatment.
What's with Mr. Sunshine?
Almost done.
I hope these modifications
work so we can go save Chris.
But one Chaos Emerald isn't
gonna give us enough power
to make it all the way into space.
But one is all we've got, Tails.
We've got two!
[Giggles]
You... made a copy of an Emerald?
It isn't a perfect copy, Chuck,
but the power it produces is almost the same!
Come on, let's try it out!
Maybe he spotted us coming
and it scared him off.
Sonic ran over here!
It went this way!
[Giggling]
You won't escape, pal!
[Grunting]
Guess I lost 'em.
What's that?
[Sounds of fighting]
Where've you been?
Hey, how's it goin', Knuckles?
Not bad, except that I'm in the
middle of a battle right now!
Oof!
Woah, boy!
[Grunting]
It's lucky my reflexes are
quicker than Knuckles' temper!
Uh!
[Sounds of fighting]
[Fighting]
Hyaa!
He's only distracting them!
Quick, follow me!
Ah!
Tell me what your demands are,
and perhaps we can work out an agreement.
[Evil chuckle]
Mr. President, that's very reasonable of you.
I only have one demand to make,
if you want to escape my wrath.
And if you fail to comply,
I have one penalty.
Either you agree to become part of my empire,
or else...
Or else, what?
Your entire planet will be blown to bits!
Hm...
Well? What is your answer?
Ugh. I can't!
You can't, what?
I can't give you an answer.
Not yet.
You're just stalling,
trying to give your military enough time
to organize a counterattack against me.
It is useless to resist.
I expect your answer within 12 hours.
What can I do?
12 hours is not enough time to stop
him from destroying the planet.
[Knocking]
Huh?
Ya know, there is a bright side
to all this, Mr. President.
[Sigh]
What might that be?
If the planet's destroyed,
you won't have to worry about
balancing the budget anymore!
[Wink]
So you found Eggman's base,
but did you find out what happened to Chris?
Shadow took him up into space.
And I think the bat who stole the
Master Emerald was with him, too.
Really.
I'll teach her a lesson.
There is Eggman's base.
This place could be dangerous,
so be careful, Cream and Cheese.
We will, Amy!
Chao!
Stick with Mr. Tanaka.
Sonic and the others are entering the base.
I'll follow them in.
Oof!
Hmm!
No luck.
There is a keyhole,
which means there must be a key somewhere.
Hey, why you lookin' at me?
Well, you're a treasure hunter.
Can't you find it?
No way! A key isn't a treasure.
A real treasure hunter should
not have any difficulty
finding something as simple as a key.
How do we know you haven't been pretending
to be a treasure hunter all this time?
Maybe Knuckles is a treasure hunter,
but he's just not a very good one.
Fine! I'll look.
[Grumble]
This is exactly why I like to work alone!
Wha?
I hope you know you're trespassing, Knuckles!
[Grumble]
I don't have time to play
any games with you, Bokkun.
Scram!
If you don't leave on your own,
I'm gonna have to make you leave!
Oh yeah?
[Grunt]
No!
I have to go find that key!
Huh?
I warned ya!
[Giggling]
Go clobber 'em, Egg Golem!
Huh?
Oh!
Chao!
Knuckles found the key already?
'Fraid not.
Looks like Knuckles ran into some trouble.
About 15 tons of it!
Let's give this a try.
Oof!
[Grunt]
I got the door open.
Now are ya happy?
I guess.
Here's the spin cycle!
Oof!
I'll stop that thing!
[Grunt]
[Yelling]
Here's the claptrap!
Oof!
Oof! Ugh!
[Grunt]
[Giggling]
Nice going!
You really hammered those guys!
[Both groaning]
Have you had enough?
Yeah, I think we can finish it off now.
[Yelling]
Give him a headbutt again!
[Grunt]
Woaaaaah!
Well, that was easy.
Piece of cake.
Not so fast!
Ha!
Give it up, Bokkun.
No way! Look what I've got!
[Giggling]
[Yelling]
Oh, great. Why's she here?
[Giggling]
Hyaaaaaaa hyaaaaaaa!
Hey, no fair! Gimme back my controller!
Finders, keepers!
[Giggling]
Chao chao chao!
Woah!
[Screaming]
[Panicked yelling]
Leave me alone!
Woah!
No! Don't chase me, motorbrain! [Crying]
I hope that brute did not harm you, miss.
I'm fine.
There's the base!
I'll land inside.
I did it, Sonic!
I adapted the X Tornado so
we can take it into space!
Uh...
We might have a little problem, though.
It only seats four.
If you're bringing Chris back,
only two of us can ride with you.
Yeah, that's right.
Then let's take this space shuttle!
I agree with Sonic.
Yeah.
Guess I did all that work for nothing.
What about Cream and Cheese?
Well, I could take care of them.
Thank you, miss.
Sure.
Okay! Then let's get going!
Ten, nine,
eight, seven,
six, five,
four, three,
two, one.
Ignition!
Hang on, Chris. Hang on.